1. Tend to be possessive and demanding when stressed.
2. Creative and have an artistic view of life.
3. Tend to be insightful, objective, and sensitive when not stressed.
4. Tend to be more logical than emotional.
5. I'm not gullible; you must earn my trust, and I will challenge your loyalty.
6. I'm extremely protective of my loved ones and feel good about helping the underdog.
7. Work hard and know how to get things done.
8. Enjoy having control of my own time and private space.
9. Believe it is important for people to be with other people or to belong to a group or an organization.
10. Critical of myself (my own worst critic) and find it easy to be judgmental and critical of other people as well.
11. Have a strong sense of responsibility and I'm a hard worker.
12. Friends and family provide the support I feel is necessary in life.
13. Believe that rules, regulations, policies, and procedures have a purpose and should be followed and I'm frustrated when others break rules.
14. Thrive in environments where I can express my creativity.
15. To impress, I may take on too much and make promises I can't keep.
16. Dislike people nagging me; this makes me quite stubborn.
17. People may find it difficult to follow my train of thought.
18. Listen patiently and can be very understanding and comforting to friends.
19. Value being well organized and punctual in myself and others.
20. Enjoy the sense of independence that comes from living frugally.
21. Can be deeply hurt by the slightest criticism.
22. Value exceeding standards and rising to the top of my profession.
23. Have a strong need to be noticed, liked, and appreciated for what I do for others.
24. Tend to be romantic and long for the great love of my life to come along.
25. Feel different from others, as if "on the outside looking in."
26. Prefer being with people to being alone.
27. I'm uncomfortable expressing emotions other than anger.
28. Love to be challenged and enjoy a good fight.
29. Fear being criticized or judged as being improper by other people.
30. Proud about being direct, telling it "like it is," and expressing "tough love."
31. Look for danger, unsafe people, or unsafe situations.
32. Tend to see the glass as "half empty" and to look for what needs fixing.
33. Prefer people not to know how I feel or what I think unless I tell them.
34. Value looking good, presenting a good first impression, and "dressing for success."
35. Like to leave my options open; "don't hem me in" describes me well.
36. When afraid of something, I've done what was necessary to overcome my fear.
37. Believe it is important to understand my own and other people's feelings.
38. Strive to be unique and have done things to avoid being ordinary.
39. Dislike being around pessimistic, negative people.
40. When I trust people, I can let down my guard and be more sensitive.
41. In relationships, I seek harmony and peace through a sense of belonging and/or by bonding with the other person.
42. Tend to be rebellious, controlling, and insensitive when stressed.
43. Can be caught in a fantasy world of romance and imagination.
44. May hesitate while I try to organize my thoughts and may not speak at all if I'm not comfortable with what I want to say.
45. Can be critical, cynical, and argumentative and can act intellectually superior.
46. Value the belief that everything is going to be all right yet often lack faith in this belief.
47. Motivated by the need to be correct, fair, and self-disciplined.
48. Become frustrated if there is not enough time to do all the fun things I want to do.
49. Have a strong sense of right and wrong and strive for perfection.
50. Enjoy trying many things and can do many different things fairly well.
51. Tend to experience more melancholy than most people I know.
52. Try to avoid confrontations.
53. Have difficulty making decisions because "everything looks good."
54. Like people to depend on me and deliver on my promises.
55. When feeling relaxed I tend to be friendly and responsive to people.
56. Tend to be excited and impatient about accomplishing plans.
57. Tend to be shy and withdrawn, especially at social events.
58. Can be a "homebody" and enjoy the comfort and peace of home.
59. Impatient with people who are indirect or indecisive.
60. Easily discern what is wrong in a situation and how it could be done better.
61. Have ideas, theories, and opinions about almost everything.
62. Have been told I am not in touch with my emotions.
63. Making decisions on my own may cause me anxiety.
64. I feel uncomfortable around loud, emotional people.
65. Attracted to habits and routines, can relax easily and tune out reality through TV, daydreaming, a good book, etc.
66. Sensitive to criticism but try to hide that sensitivity.
67. Attracted to what is intense and out of the ordinary.
68. Tend to be rational, reasonable, and accepting when not stressed.
69. Tend to be reflective and to search for the meaning of my life.
70. Believe that my motives for helping others are noble and helpful.
71. Do not consider being a perfectionist a negative thing and like to make sure all the details are just right.
72. I'm told I'm a "nice person" and dislike putting myself first.
73. Believe that negative feelings are an obstacle to getting the job done.
74. Find it easy to adapt to different people and situations.
75. Personal integrity is extremely important to me.
76. Tend to be idealistic and ambitious and want to contribute something positive to the world.
77. Tend to take things too seriously and overreact to small issues.
78. Enjoy spending time alone pursuing my personal interests.
79. Have difficulty admitting I'm wrong.
80. Find it difficult to forgive and can carry a grudge for a long time.
81. Manners and good taste are extremely important to me.
82. Tend to do things in excess and to always want more.
83. Motivated by the need to be appreciated, loved, and connected to people.
84. Feel that something is missing in my life.
85. When feeling anxious I can be overly vigilant and controlling.
86. Tend to socialize with people who are interested in the same things I am.
87. Feel envious of other people's relationships, lifestyles, and accomplishments.
88. Easily annoyed by people who act unintelligent or uninformed.
89. Enjoy having elegant, refined, unique things that no one else has.
90. Dislike confrontation and try to keep the peace.
91. Love to work and be productive, and work has tended to be a top priority in my life.
92. Try to prepare for every contingency.
93. Tend to be more emotional than most people I know.
94. Have been goal-oriented for as long as I can remember.
95. Need to feel close to people and feel rejected and hurt if I don't experience that closeness.
96. Tend to go along with what people say just to get them off my back.
97. Routine and structure help me stay focused and accomplish things.
98. Tend to be distant, stubborn, and pessimistic when stressed.
