I like to spend time going deeper and deeper into the things that are going on within me.

I enjoy singing or playing a musical instrument.

I enjoy sequential puzzles like Rubik’s cube or Sudoku.

Others often come to me for support or advice


I often contemplate questions related to theology or philosophy.

I don’t mind getting my hands dirty from activities that involve creating, fixing, or building things.

I spend a lot of time thinking about the emotions of others.

I am good with numbers.

I like tending to gardens and plants.

I like measuring or categorizing stuff.

I enjoy spending time alone, processing my own emotions and reactions to things.

I am good at reading maps and finding my way around unfamiliar places.

I have always excelled in math and science at school.

It is easy for me to identify how I feel and why.

I am often pondering the meaning of life.

I like dancing, sports, or working out.

I am often humming a song or tune to myself in my head.
Music is one of my biggest interests.

I vividly remember details about furniture and the interior decoration of rooms that I’ve been in.


I can learn better if things are accompanied by charts, diagrams, or other technical illustrations.

I enjoy challenges that require lateral thinking, like chess.


I enjoy learning new words and/or languages.


I am good at mediating disputes or conflicts between individuals.

I am good at making a good impression when meeting new people.


I spend a lot of time reflecting on my own reactions to things.

I find it easiest to solve problems when my body is in motion.

Questions like “Where is humanity heading?” or Why are we here?” are of interest to me.

I like taking long walks in nature, alone or with my friends.

I feel the most alive when I am in contact with nature.

I am interested in writing poetry, quotes, stories, or journals.



I am interested in sports.


I am good at detecting dishonesty in others.


I am better at remembering faces than names.


I am always discovering new kinds of music.

I am usually good with animals.


I keep going over deep questions about life and existence that seem foolish to others.

I spend a lot of time analyzing my own emotions and reactions.

I often look things up in the dictionary.


I enjoy learning about how the various world religions have attempted to answer “the big questions.”


I draw charts and tables to help me think.



I love reading.


I can tell when a note is off-key.

I enjoy learning about different species of plants and animals.


I like sewing, carving, model-building, or other activities that involve dexterity.



















